Table A

0

0

1

null

Table B

0
0
1

null 

I want know the count how many rows display through all type of joins?

Table:emptable

empid empname

1     te

2     v

3    null

select empid case when empname isnull then 'NOTFOUND

else empname end as empname from emptable;

select empid COALESCE (empname, 'NOT FOUND) as emaname from emptable;

retrieve data have 3 highest salary?
retrieve data have 2 highest salary?
what is with column what is the use?
What is CTE?
what are window functions AND DIFFRRENCE BETWWEN row_number,rank,dense_rank?
retreive data salary dept wise both sql and pyspark?
How do you remove duplicates in databricks?
To get orders from the last 6 months along with customer details, you have Orders and Customers tables.
you have table in the employee and manger id i want whose manger of employee?
Difference between union and union all?
Difference between NORMALISATION AND DENORMALISATION?
dIFFERENCE BETWWEEN SUBQUERY AND CO-RELATED SUB-QUERY?
difference between coalesce and isnull?
difference between count(*),count(1),count(column)
How do handle duplicates and null values?
How come you KNOW your data is clean?

How do optimization in spark?
How do you handle big data?
which CSV AND PARAQUET which file better to read and write better optimization and why?
what is delta table?
How do handle if the pipeline is failure in the middle Ex:you have 1000 records to be processed it processed only 100 how do you handle?
How do you handle dataloader if dont have watermark that you dont have dateortimestamp how do you do?
How do you setup ADLS?
How do you handle if suppose file not exists in ADLS storage how do you handle ADF/pyspark to read that?
How do you create cluster what is use?
What is data skew?
what is broadcast joins?
what Delta lake and delta table what is the use?
how to create connection databricks to deltalake or datastorage?
why we are using spark?
how to create a notebook?
what is the difference between coalesce and re-partition

1.scenario i have 9 pipelines process trucate and deloading in one table all pipelines are triggred at same time but one of the pipline not insert any records?

Ans: Implement Staging Tables (Best Practice) 
Instead of all 9 pipelines writing directly to the final table:
Each pipeline truncates and loads into its own dedicated staging table (e.g., target_stage_1, target_stage_2, etc.).
After all 9 finish, run a final process to INSERT/MERGE data from all 9 staging tables into the final target table.
Result: No contention during data loading

How do you test your code PYtest?
In a notebook you n number of cell having which cell invoke first if you run all the notebook?
How to create a connection to connect when you DB is onprem to azure ADLS location?
If you have 5 table in to copy how do do and further table count may be exceed how do you handle create a pipe line ?
How do you handle the errors in pipeline failures?
difference between parameter and Variable?
How to create connection between on-prime SFTP to your ADLS SHIR?
juilis.ai tool use for data analaysis like key insights,Execl,ppt,3d visualization
https://chatgpt.com/g/g-6777e9aedde081918f7a59a47081fff8-ai-for-techies-resume-bot-resume hack
yoodli Ai-interview prep
comet for apply high pay jobs






